Add task list and activity panel E2E tests (#7509)
woocommerce/wc-admin: packages/admin-e2e-tests/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> -   Add test cases for home screent tasklist and activity panels. #7509

Reviewer: Looks like a typo in "screen**t**", Grammarly result:
```suggestion
-   Add test cases for the home screen tasklist and activity panels. #7509
```
